This isn't going to overwrite the project, you'll have to reimport this since its an entierly new thing.


The folders are there, use them. You can see if an object has a script if you open the scene. We don't
need a large list of stuff making it more difficult for the level designers to comb through. The test
folder will be removed, I was just using to house things I ported over from the previous version are,
where I'm storing WIPs, and sotring the save data (this will change in the final version) 


New things:
	Resources, they just hold the data for a bunch of stuff.
	SaveLoad (autoload), saves the data the player can change
	SceneLoader (autoload), swaps the current scene
	Settings menu exists and will save the data chosen (they currently do nothing but changes are saved)
	Main menu works, and is the first thing you see when starting a new game
	Items are now a thing, ammo gets added to the ammo count, batteries replenish charge and bandages will heal you (maybe a keybind, maybe used through the inventory?)
	The level has an end now, the next level is stored in the trigger itself
	There is a trigger to turn on/off lights, you have to make the lights a child of the trigger however. If it needs tweaking such as making multiple triggers effect lights or have to press a button let me know.
	There is a placeholder object that takes a string and will print it on load, if you need something just place it where you need an object and with a description fo what you need (still message me or David though)
	Zombies spawn a body object and make a noise when they die.
	Player sprite changes based on if they have a weapon equipped or not. We can changes this to other sprites later based on what we have equipped
	Death overlay, isn't much of an overlay at the current minute since I cant find a way to render/draw it above lighting so it's name is subject to change.
	The flashlight pickup is a reskinned battery, the player will essentially start with zero charge.


Things I removed/changed:
	Aiming making the player come to a full stop, it just didn't feel good. We should add a slow but I've been working on other stuff so it slipped my mind. 
	Bullet effects. I fucked it up, it's less of it being removed as I just couldn't fix it so it's just commented out.
	Not so much of a change but an addition to the flashlight level, a battery is automatically used when you have 0 flashlight energy.
	Removed the player_camera2d script. I don't think we're going to have a variable camera in the final version.
	The player no longer exists as a preloaded object that is spawned into a scene.


Bugs/things I messed up:
	When you do a loop around the zombies to the left they loose track of you and won't be able to see you in that direction (existed in previous version)
	The bullet effects aren't working properly in this version (I messed it up I'm so sorry I don't know who to fix it TwT)


Things left to do that I can remember:
	Doors & keys
	Settings actually working
	Inventory UI
	Crafting/upgrading
	Bullet effects (My bad, sorry)
	
I might be missing some stuff so just add everything we need to another readme. I'm going to be working on doors and the settings, but if there is something I'm 
needed for first I'm all ears &#%$ing contact me if you need something please that lack of communication is killing me.
